Improve SEO metadata across all docs pages (#397)
powersync-ja/powersync-docs: sync/overview.mdx

---
title: "Sync Streams and Sync Rules"
sidebarTitle: "Overview"

> description: "Learn how Sync Streams and Sync Rules control which data syncs to each client using bucket-based filtering."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "PowerSync Sync Streams and the legacy Sync Rules allow developers to control which data syncs to which clients/devices (i.e. they enable partial sync)."
```
